Add pull request template (#239)
1Password/shell-plugins: .github/pull_request_template.md

## Overview
<!--  
Provide a high-level description of this change.   

> -->

Author: Does it make sense to ask for an Overview and a Changelog separately, given that most likely there will be redundancy between the two?

Reviewer: Changelogs are mostly 1 liners, while overviews can easily be extended to a paragraph. Let's leave it as is, for now.

## Type of change
<!--  
Check the box below that describes your change best:
--> 

- [ ] new plugin
- [ ] improvement for an existing plugin
- [ ] bug-fix for an existing plugin

> - [ ] changes in contributor's experience

Reviewer 2: Would be nicer to leverage GitHub's built-in PR "type selector", just like we already do now for issues. Can be done simply by adding more YAML entries.

Reviewer 2: My bad, they are still `.md` files, `.yml` is issues only. But you can have multiple types by creating more entries in the `PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE` dir, e.g. `.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/new-plugin.md`.

Author: I saw a mention of that [here](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/using-templates-to-encourage-useful-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-template-for-your-repository), however it looks like PR authors would have to add query paramters to their URL manually to load those templates? Looks like there is no native picker or anything like that, which is definitely bad UX, reason I went for centralising these. 😄 
Let me know if there's anything I'm missing!

Reviewer 2: Ah, I think you're right. In that case, ignore this comment.

  - use Relates: #ISSUE_NUMBER to indicate relation to an issue, but issue will not close  
-->  

* Resolves: #
* Relates: #

## How To Test
<!--
Provide testing instructions for validating the changes introduced in this PR.
This will serve as a starting point for your reviewers, for functional testing.
-->

## Changelog
<!--  
A one line sentence describing the change that this PR introduces. 
If this has impact over the user experience, your changelog will be included in the release notes of the next stable version of 1Password CLI.

Here are a few guidelines for writing a good changelog:
- Keep your description to a single sentence if you can, and use proper capitalization and punctuation, including a final period.
- Don't use emoji in your description.
- Avoid starting your sentence with "improved" or "fixed", especially when using those change types. Instead, describe the improvement or say what you fixed.
- Avoid using terminology like "Users are shown" or "You can now" and instead focus on the thing that was changed.

Have a look over 1Password CLI's past release notes for examples: 
https://app-updates.agilebits.com/product_history/CLI2

> -->  

Reviewer 2: Would be nice to add a few examples here instead of only linking to the app-updates pages.

Author: Done!

## Overview
<!--  
Provide a high-level description of this change.   
-->

## Type of change
<!--  
Check the box below that describes your change best:
--> 

> - [ ] new plugin
> - [ ] improvement for an existing plugin
> - [ ] bug-fix for an existing plugin
> - [ ] changes in contributor's experience

Reviewer 2: How about something like:
```suggestion
- [ ] Created a new plugin
- [ ] Improved an existing plugin
- [ ] Fixed a bug in an existing plugin
- [ ] Improved contributor utilities or experience
```

And will we be using these in the actual changelog?

Author: Yes, these will be used in order to determine the changelog type: new, improved or fixed.

## Related Issue(s)
<!--  
If applicable - add the issue that your PR relates to or closes:
  - use Resolves: #ISSUE_NUMBER to trigger closing of the issue on merge of this PR  
  - use Relates: #ISSUE_NUMBER to indicate relation to an issue, but issue will not close  
-->  

* Resolves: #
* Relates: #

## How To Test
<!--
Provide testing instructions for validating the changes introduced in this PR.
This will serve as a starting point for your reviewers, for functional testing.

> -->

Reviewer 2: Would this be useful?

```suggestion

If you created a new plugin, you can add a command here which can be used to test authentication.
For example, for the AWS CLI:
  aws s3 ls
-->
```

Author: I added this in the comment!

> <!--
> Provide testing instructions for validating the changes introduced in this PR.
> This will serve as a starting point for your reviewers, for functional testing.
> -->

Author: ```suggestion
<!--
Provide testing instructions for validating the changes introduced in this PR.
This will serve as a starting point for your reviewers, for functional testing.

If you created a new plugin, you can add a command here which can be used to test authentication.
For example, for the AWS CLI:
  aws s3 ls
-->
```

## Changelog
<!--  
A one line sentence describing the change that this PR introduces. 
If this has impact over the user experience, your changelog will be included in the release notes of the next stable version of 1Password CLI.

Here are a few guidelines for writing a good changelog:
- Keep your description to a single sentence if you can, and use proper capitalization and punctuation, including a final period.
- Don't use emoji in your description.
- Avoid starting your sentence with "improved" or "fixed". Instead, describe the improvement or say what you fixed.
- Avoid using terminology like "Users are shown" or "You can now" and instead focus on the thing that was changed.

A few examples:

Authenticate the AWS CLI using Touch ID and other unlock options with 1Password Shell Plugins.

> The AWS plugin can now be correctly initialised with a default credential, using 'op plugin init'.

Reviewer 2: American spelling to stay consistent:
```suggestion
The AWS plugin can now be correctly initialized with a default credential, using 'op plugin init'.
```

> The AWS plugin now checks for the 'AWS_SHARED_CREDENTIALS_FILE' environment variable and attempts to import credentials using the specified file.

Reviewer 2: Can they use markdown (backticks)?

Author: Yes! Changed now.
